I have been suffering from a very rare type of cancer since I was eight years old.
I have a tumor growing along my spine next to my heart.
It causes heart problems and very violent back pains.
I begged Jehovah not to fall apart.
I was going to break down.
And before I'd even finished my prayer, I felt a veil of peace and serenity envelop me.
Jehovah was holding my hand. I could almost feel him saying, I'm with you.
Experiencing such extreme trials allowed me really to taste Jehovah's undeserved kindness.
And that's wonderful.
There are a lot of things I'd like to do, but I am unable to because of my sickness.
I've had many feelings since my childhood.
Frustration, anger, even denial.
But Jehovah really helped me accept my situation.
My parents always taught me to cherish my relationship with Jehovah.
Today, I just need to know that Jehovah loves me.
When I don't feel well, I pray to him very intensely for very precise things.
Each time he answers my prayer.
Mateo started to pioneer when he was 14.
We, his parents, along with his brother, his sister and his friends thought.
If Mateo, who has cancer, can be a regular pioneer, then we should also do it.
Today, the most precious blessing is to see that Jehovah is always there for me constantly.
And I know he will never let me down.
His undeserved kindness is sufficient for me.